The current situation is truly critical.
In this critical situation, the people of the country are waiting for the real cause of the people to rise.
They are renewing their strength.
They are renewing their spirit of the soldiers on the battlefield,
and they are making a new use of their strength to advance to the completion of the first war.
At this time, the government has decided to stop the people of the country
and to make sure that the new use of the people of the country will be implemented.
To make sure that the new use of the people of the country will be implemented,
the government is gradually overcoming the internal and external problems of the country,
and is gradually overcoming them.
Fortunately, the current situation of the people's participation is shown by the enthusiasm and efforts of the people,
and the government has shown that the situation has improved significantly since the end of the last year.
The government is also strengthening the position of the people and the position of the people in the battle,
and is also focusing on the first point of the war.
The government has confirmed that the negotiation of the Imperial Committee will be held at this time,
and that it showed that budget plans and laws on medical care and emergencycontrol are included.
In order to
strengthen the nature of existing collaboration,
we will hold repeat alert peak pause
the government was required to get smart with their government part-time and
and learn from the places they pray their wish for.
At the earliest they would have being confidence,
lost fear and ability of regency,
eating the shrimpar at the HIGR situation,
We wish that they are able to work on this problem together,
correctly and competently!
We also hope, that each of them will also be able to legally partner and cooperate,
but will have to make efforts to mee to save the relevant potential controlling the cultural advance.
We will work together to prevent this question from falling into disarray so that no one can keep themselves away from活跳玄虾
and bring us shock to the general public in each of society at the feet of the edification of Japan.